---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fybe_object_storage Data Source - terraform-provider-fybe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create and manage our S3 compatible object-storage.  Please be aware that this resource is not the S3 API. If you wish to access the S3 API directly or use S3 compatible tools like the aws CLI, you can do so by using the S3 URL provided by this resource after creating. To retrieve the S3 credentials, please refer to the User Management API.
---

# fybe_object_storage (Data Source)

Create and manage our S3 compatible object-storage.  Please be aware that this resource is not the S3 API. If you wish to access the S3 API directly or use S3 compatible tools like the aws CLI, you can do so by using the S3 URL provided by this resource after creating. To retrieve the S3 credentials, please refer to the User Management API.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Object Storage identifier

### Optional

- `auto_scaling` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--auto_scaling))

### Read-Only

- `cancel_date` (String) The date on which the object-storage no longer available, due to cancellation.
- `created_date` (String) object-storage creation date.
- `customer_id` (String) Your customer Id.
- `data_center` (String) Data center located of this object-storage.
- `display_name` (String) Name for this object-storage.
- `region` (String) Region of this object-storage.
- `s3_tenant_id` (String) The S3 tenant Id is only needed for public sharing.
- `s3_url` (String) S3 URL needed to connect to the s3 API.
- `status` (String) The object-storage status. It can be set to `PROVISIONING|READY|UPGRADING|CANCELLED|ERROR|DISABLED`.
- `tenant_id` (String) Your tenant Id.
- `total_purchased_space_tb` (Number) Amount of purchased space in terabyte.

<a id="nestedblock--auto_scaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_scaling`

Optional:

- `error_message` (String) If the autoscaling is in an error state (see status property), the error message can be seen in this field.
- `size_limit_tb` (Number) Limit for the size to be autoscaled.
- `state` (String) Autoscaling status it can be `enabled|disabled|error`.
