---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fybe_instance Resource - terraform-provider-fybe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create and manage compute resources. Cloud-Init is also supported.
---

# fybe_instance (Resource)

Create and manage compute resources. Cloud-Init is also supported.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `add_ons` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--add_ons))
- `cancel_date` (String) The date on which the instance will not longer be accessable due to a cancellation.
- `display_name` (String) Your choosed name for the instance, you can change it in the cockpit.
- `image_id` (String) CAUTION: On updating this value your server will be reinstalled! You can find the available image Ids via [API](https://api.fybe.com/#tag/Images/operation/retrieveImage) or via our [command line](https://github.com/fybecom/fybe) tool with this command: `fybe get images`.
- `license` (String) Additional license in order to enhance your instance. Possible license to buy are cpanel and plesk.
- `period` (Number)
- `product_id` (String) Choose the instance that fits for you.
- `region` (String) The region in it the instance should be installed. Default region is the us-east-1.
- `root_password` (Number) CAUTION: On updating this value your server will be reinstalled! Root password of the instance.
- `ssh_keys` (List of Number) Important: Updating this value will result in your server being reinstalled! This pertains to an array of secretIds that represent public SSH keys used for logging in as the defaultUser with administrator/root privileges. This functionality is applicable to Linux/BSD systems. For further details, please consult the Secrets Management API.
- `user_data` (String) CAUTION: On updating this value your server will be reinstalled! Cloud-Init Config in order to customize during start of the instance.

### Read-Only

- `additional_ips` (List of Object) All other additional IP addresses of the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--additional_ips))
- `cpu_cores` (Number) CPU core count of the instance.
- `created_date` (String) Instance creation date.
- `disk_mb` (Number) Image disk size of the instance in megabyte.
- `error_message` (String) If the instance is in an error state (see status property), the error message can be seen in this field.
- `id` (String) Compute instance Id
- `ip_config` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_config))
- `last_updated` (String) Last modified date of the instance.
- `mac_address` (String) Instance mac address.
- `name` (String) Fybe name of the instance.
- `os_type` (String) Type of operating system (OS) installed on the instance.
- `product_type` (String) Instances category depending on ProductId. Following product types are available: `ssd`,`nvme`.
- `ram_mb` (Number) Image ram size in megabyte.
- `status` (String) Instance status. The status can be set to `provisioning|uninstalled|running|stopped|error|installing|unknown|installed`.
- `v_host_id` (Number) vHost Identifier.

<a id="nestedblock--add_ons"></a>
### Nested Schema for `add_ons`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Ids for addons to pimp your instance.
- `quantity` (Number) The number of Addons you wish to buy.


<a id="nestedatt--additional_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `additional_ips`

Read-Only:

- `v4` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--additional_ips--v4))

<a id="nestedobjatt--additional_ips--v4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `additional_ips.v4`

Read-Only:

- `gateway` (String)
- `ip` (String)
- `netmask_cidr` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--ip_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_config`

Read-Only:

- `v4` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--ip_config--v4))
- `v6` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--ip_config--v6))

<a id="nestedobjatt--ip_config--v4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_config.v4`

Read-Only:

- `gateway` (String)
- `ip` (String)
- `netmask_cidr` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--ip_config--v6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_config.v6`

Read-Only:

- `gateway` (String)
- `ip` (String)
- `netmask_cidr` (Number)
