---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fybe_vpc Resource - terraform-provider-fybe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Virtual private network contain your compute instances whereby they are able to communicate with each other in full isolation, using configured private IP addresses.
---

# fybe_vpc (Resource)

Virtual private network contain your compute instances whereby they are able to communicate with each other in full isolation, using configured private IP addresses.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `created_date` (String) VPC creation date.
- `description` (String) The VPC description should not exceed 255 characters in length.
- `instance_ids` (Set of Number) Add compute instace Ids to the VPC. If you do not add any instance Ids an empty VPC will be created.
- `name` (String) The VPC name can consist of letters, numbers, colons, dashes, and underscores. However, it must not exceed 255 characters in length.
- `region` (String) Region slug of this VPC.
- `region_name` (String) Full name of the VPC region.
- `updated_at` (String) VPC modified date.

### Read-Only

- `available_ips` (Number) Total available IPs in the VPC.
- `cidr` (String) The cidr range of the VPC.
- `data_center` (String) Specific data center where the Private Network is located.
- `id` (String) Id of this VPC.
- `instances` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instances))

<a id="nestedatt--instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String)
- `error_message` (String)
- `instance_id` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `private_ip_config` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instances--private_ip_config))
- `status` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--instances--private_ip_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances.private_ip_config`

Read-Only:

- `v4` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instances--private_ip_config--v4))

<a id="nestedobjatt--instances--private_ip_config--v4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances.private_ip_config.v4`

Read-Only:

- `gateway` (String)
- `ip` (String)
- `netmask_cidr` (Number)
